[Music]
hi
everyone today we introduce a girl who
was put into the sea
don't dare to eat her it turns out that
she has the movie shark empire with
shark blood
it is said that in the future world most
of the earth has been submerged by
seawater
the only remaining humans can only live
on small islands
among them as a group of pirates they
control most of the sea
people who are within their control must
hand in food to them on time
if they don't hand in food they will
control the sharks in the sea to eat
them
on this day this group of pirates came
to one of their colonies
people here have no water to drink all
year round they can only exchange fish
and other tributes and pirates for
drinking water at a time
but this time their food did not reach
the amount required by the pirates
so the pirates only gave a small amount
of drinking water the elder of the bi
clan lao hay
said that this amount of drinking water
cannot meet the needs of the people here
if you don't have water to drink you
don't have the energy to hunt
after listening to my brother he said
that since the water is not enough it is
better to reduce the population a little
so they took away some girls from here
then warn them if they can't get enough
food tomorrow
then these girls will never be seen
again the people on the island are very
dissatisfied with the behavior of
changpa
lee wanted to fight against changpa but
the pirates have a set of shark control
faj used a mechanical glove to control
all the sharks in the sea in an instant
after the shark in the sea heard the
order i just ate the man on the island
who wanted to resist
the actor shauche of the door can only
hide in changari although he is also
very unwilling
but he knows that he must be a dead end
now
so after waiting for these pirates to
leave chowshay secretly drove the
submarine to track the pirates
along with him as a girl with curly hair
on the island the two drove the
submarine and followed the pirates to
the pirates base
they want to take advantage of the
pirates not paying attention and then
rescue the girls
but as soon as he went ashore a few
pirates surrounded him in an instant
shao discovered that the pirates base
had tight security
it's impossible to save everyone by
yourself so he decided to leave here
first and make a long-term plan
but when he was about to leave the
pirates directly released the sharks in
the sea
trying to solve chauchet but fortunately
chaoshay quickly returned to the
submarine
then their boat was surrounded by
pirates
these sharks are under the control of
pirates began to hit the submarine
violently
because their submarine is fairly solid
so the two of them drove the submarine
safely and left here
after shuy and the others left the
pirates used the girls as slaves
the door allows the girl to push his
huge machine and then create drinking
water resources
in the current world who owns drinking
it is equivalent to having a huge wealth
but a disobedient person
they will throw him into the sea to feed
the sharks on this day when brother
chunka pushed an old man into the sea
but found that these sharks were
suddenly out of control he repeated it
countless times but the sharks in the
sea just didn't listen to him
after seeing the next to him uncle bye
mao immediately said that he would
change to another girl
this girl is our heroine blonde sister
after they put the blonde girl into the
sea
these sharks are still swimming under
her and they dare not eat her at all
uncle mao has controlled the sharks for
so many years and has never seen such a
phenomenon
f is that after he pulled the girl up he
asked for a long time and didn't ask why
on the other side after shaushe left the
pirate base i started thinking about how
to rescue their hostages
now they are far less powerful than
these pirates so he came to another
small island nearby
on a small island there are many super
capable people there are also many
people who hate pirates
here xiaosha found three top helpers
they are
diving master xiaomei blasting expert
xiaohei and sonar expert uncle who
after they learned of the great wealth
in the hands of the pirates
ready to kill these pirates together
then they occupied their resources and
they hit it off
god they robbed a pirate's automatic
drinking water equipment
i want to use this equipment to replace
the hostages in the hands of the pirates
first
but after receiving the message chunka
said if you don't return the equipment
just kill the hostages xiaoshe was
frightened by the other party's tone and
wanted to return the equipment
but brother xiaohe arbitrarily changed
the returned equipment to explosives
when the pirate ship arrived at their
base it was attacked by explosives
this time shaushe and the pirates hatred
was completely formed
the pirates began to threaten to wipe
out the people on the island
and shaushay wants to save the situation
after knowing that he has caused a big
disaster
so immediately took a few people to
prepare to fight the pirates
they drove a small boat to the vicinity
of the pirate base
as a result they were attacked by
pirates as soon as they got here
but the shells did not hit the boat many
times then the pirates released the
sharks in the sea
under the control of the pirates little
black brother was taken into the sea by
a shark and sacrificed his life
haven't waited for the shaoxing team to
approach the shore their ship was sunk
by a shark strapped to explosives
all of them fell into the sea at once
some team members still fell into the
mouth of the shark
shaushui's team is simply vulnerable to
the pirates
others had to swim to the shore and now
the sharks are all around them
[Music]
then uncle white started to control the
sharks and wanted to kill them
at this critical moment the blonde girl
began to try to control these sharks
with her mind
what i didn't expect was that these
sharks could listen to her commands
under her control
she let the sharks directly kill a lot
of pirates uncle bye mao can't control
the shark
i don't want two people in the world who
can control sharks
so she threw the blonde girl directly
into the sea at the moment when the
blonde girl is about to sink to the
bottom of the sea
shao arrived in time from the sea he
rescued the blonde girl
but as soon as they went ashore they met
chunk a brother again
brother changpa of course didn't want to
let him go the two sides fought
immediately
during the fight between the two sides
the blonde girl once again controlled
the shark
a shark directly plunged longfa into the
sea
after killing brother changfa the two of
them are going to rescue all the
hostages here
but a group of pirates came here on the
road then shaushay and blondie all fell
into the water one after another
as soon as the uncle saw the situation
he began to perform the knife himself
wanting the shark to kill the two
directly under the call of uncle white
hair
the shark began to swim towards the
blonde girl however
these sharks stopped immediately when
they were near the blonde girl
then he turned around and rushed towards
uncle bymau a group of sharks
immediately fell down on uncle white on
the shore
in the end uncle white also died in the
mouth of the shark
until the end uncle bye mao didn't know
why the shark didn't listen to him
and the hostages were completely rescued
since then the people on the island are
no longer afraid of running out of water
back on the island the owner told the
blonde girl in fact the blonde girl's
father was able to control sharks back
then
have shark blood in the blonde girl's
body wong haley belongs to the royal
family of sharks so sharks dare not eat
her at all
his father also left her a shark control
gear to slap the sea with this equipment
all sharks will obey her call the movie
is over here
this movie tells us don't underestimate
anyone
maybe he has the blood of a shark okay
that's all for today's movie
see you next time